Hi friends
In this video we are going to discuss about passing a structure into a function
So consider this programme we have a structure student with members age
and weight and there is a user defined function fun
here is it's proto type
we need to write struct followed by the structure name
And in Main we are declaring a structure variable s
with values 15 and 50.5
Now we call function fun by passing s so
as we call a function by passing variables we can call
functions by passing structure
Also. Here s is the argument and
obj is the parameter since only a copy of
the structure is sent, Any changes made to structure members
are not reflected in the original location
Now we print age and weight here so we will
get 15 and 50.5 printed
So that's all and thank you for watching this video